Update vendor-portal-creating-account.md (#613)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/vendor-portal-creating-account.md

To create a vendor account:

> 1. Go to the [vendor portal](https://vendor.replicated.com), where you can log in to your account or create an account.

Reviewer: Unrelated to these changes, but the line above says "To create a vendor account", so why do we say "where you can log in to your account". If you had an account, you wouldn't be creating one, and you wouldn't be on this help page.

```suggestion
1. Go to the [vendor portal](https://vendor.replicated.com).
```

> 2. To create an account, select **Create or join a new team**.

Reviewer: @JustinN-Replicated Our gdoc says this will say "Sign up", not "Create or join a new team". And that's what https://github.com/replicatedhq/vandoor/pull/2341/files implements.

```suggestion
2. To create an account, select **Sign up**.
```

Reviewer: Likewise, they're on the doc page to create an account, so why do we need to qualify this step?

```suggestion
2. Select **Sign up**.
```

Reviewer: Or even better, direct link.

```suggestion
2. Select **[Sign up](https://vendor.replicated.com/signup)***.
```

    The sign up page opens.
3. Enter your email address or continue with Google authentication.

>     a. If registering with an email, you will receive an activation code.

Reviewer 2: Your formatting here is really wonky, if you look at the preview: https://deploy-preview-613--replicated-docs.netlify.app/vendor/vendor-portal-creating-account

I'm very hesitant to try to edit it for you since I would be doing it directly in GH and can't generate a local preview to test it. I might mess up your branch.

I'm gonna suggest that you fix this in your branch, then I can review all of the changes.

Reviewer: @jonquil2002 As an aside, you should be able to pull his changes locally so you can preview them. Let me know if you need help making that work. I'm not saying you need to do that now, but if you *wanted* to edit it yourself outside of GitHub, it's possible.

Reviewer 2: @markpundsack  Yes, please, if you have some time to show me how to set that up, that would be great. I'm not all that savvy with GH and I'd like to be able to help out better with these reviews.

Author: @jonquil2002 I made some adjustments and it may be better; let's connect today sync or via loom though if not. The new preview should be building now and available in a few minutes.

Author: @jonquil2002 should look better now (found the issue that was causing the weird formatting)
https://deploy-preview-613--replicated-docs.netlify.app/vendor/vendor-portal-creating-account
